Obtaining a Bonafide certificate in an institution is quite a mess. Getting signatures from various department officials and finally submitting it to the director of the institution. After completing all these works for a Bonafide, the requested certificate is getting delayed due to many reasons. We don’t know the status of the Bonafide certificate which we requested. It is also impossible to again get the signatures from the officials easily. Now we get to know that getting a certificate is like scaling a mountain. This is the situation faced by many students in various institutions. To find a solution to this problem faced by us, we are creating a Web-based application named Certificate Manager. This is a simple web application for students and teachers to make their work easier, all of which are done online. Seems Interesting right? Let’s get deep into our project. The project begins with two different User Interfaces for both Students and Teachers. The User Interface for Teachers begins with a login page which will be logged in with the given credentials. After getting logged in, the teacher will have the feature of approving the requested certificates in the request section. The teachers can also track the approved certificates in the track the certificate section. Another feature available is to see the past records of certificates approved by them. Let’s get into Student User Interface. The student user interface begins with a login authentication page which allows the students to log in with the given credentials. After getting logged in, the student can see Apply section in which the students can apply for the certificates and wait for the approval. The process is easy and simple. To see the status of the requested certificate, there is a section named Track the certificates in which we can see the status of the certificate. After our Certificate is generated, the student will receive a notification saying the certificate is generated and ready for download. That’s it our requested certificate is obtained easily and hassle-free. This is all about our project and let’s see further about our project in this report  
